I build trust with my team and 40 team member or team members had a stumble.
You know, these things to do is just standing watch, doing drills.
Just continue to do trust if you get the trails. Right. Okay,
then everybody's happy. Hey, I want to be part of that Watch to Lieutenant
has his crap. One sock. And that's the That's the guy I wanna
follow. Okay, if you're having multiple failures on the drills, uh,
everybody's gotta do it again because I kind of dropped the ball. We
didn't get the torpedo fired off on time because the total rage sent
the wrong signals in that were misinterpreted and sold our boobs.
So do that is to continuously every day in port doing fired every day
in court. You going to do and, uh, intruder alert dress. So if you're
the guy looked at the gala, it's looked at too, You know, I want
to be on that team, right? Okay. If you've got a new person on the
team that you need to work in, you know, for him, with you havin a
new team member walk with you, then can evaluate Remember the new team
members capabilities, and you can figure out where that person will
fit and or if you need to do more drills.